fuzzy finder: add docs (#45404)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/code_search/explanations/features.md

}
```

## Fuzzy search

> Fuzzy finder helps you find any item by its name in the current repository or everywhere. You can search for repositories, symbols, files and files. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the fuzzy finder to quickly navigate to a repository, symbol, or file.
```

> To open the fuzzy finder, press `Cmd/Ctrl+K` anywhere on the Sourcegraph web app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To open the fuzzy finder, press `Cmd+K` (macOS) or `Ctrl+K` (Linux/Windows) from any page.
```

Reviewer: Use the dedicated Repos, Symbols, and Files tabs to search only for a repository, symbol, or file. Each tab has a dedicated shortcut:

* Repos: Cmd+I (macOS), Ctrl+K (Linux/Windows)
* Symbols: Cmd+O (macOS), Cmd+Shift+O (macOS Safari), Ctrl+O (Linux/Windows)
* Files: Cmd+P (macOS), Ctrl+P (Linux/Windows)

> <img src="https://i.imgur.com/ErZOOMG.png" alt="Fuzzy search">

Reviewer 2: Could we use our `sourcegraph-assets` GCS bucket instead of imgur?

> 

Reviewer: Use the "Searching everywhere" or "Searching in this repo" filter to determine whether to search for results only in the active repository or globally.

SCREENSHOT.
